### Post-publication modifications
Fixed bug where the presence of a polytomy at a two-mutation clade was determined by counting the number of sub-clades branching from an unrelated one-mutation clade
Added upper bound for Bayes' factors. The original analysis implicitly assumes that stable coallescents of two successful introductions with basal polytomies are always either siblings on one-mutation branches from an MRCA, or an MRCA ancestor and a descendant on a two mutation branch from the ancestor. This assumption requires the number of mutations from the MRCA to one succesful introduction to depend on the number of mutations from the MRCA to the other successful introduction, which is unreasonable. This assumption also requires the number of mutations between the MRCA and an introduction to anticipate subsequent mutations between the introduction and the stable coalescent (to the extent that some subsequent mutations become reversions), which is also unresonable. To avoid this, it is instead assumed that introductions are randomly drawn, with replacement, from a range of possible source taxa. In order to calculate the upper bound for the Bayes' factors, the range of possible source taxa is set to that most favourable for two-introduction model, namely an MRCA ancestor and a descendant on a two mutation branch from the ancestor, each having the same likelihood of being drawn.
Added data from zoonodo (clade analysis results and FAVITES summary results) to faciliate testing, and adapted imports and paths so that the corrected notebooks/cladeAnalsysis.pynb should run on a standard SciPy setup.

### Supplementary code for:

J. E. Pekar, A. Magee, E. Parker, N. Moshiri, K. Izhikevich, J. L. Havens, K. Gangavarapu, L. M. Malpica Serrano, A. Crits-Christoph, N. L. Matteson, M. Zeller, J. I. Levy, J. C. Wang, S. Hughes, J. Lee, H. Park, M.-S. Park, K. Ching Zi Yan, R. T. Pin Lin, M. N. Mat Isa, Y. M. Noor, T. I. Vasylyeva, R. F. Garry, E. C. Holmes, A. Rambaut, M. A. Suchard, K. G. Andersen, M. Worobey, J. O. Wertheim, "The molecular epidemiology of multiple zoonoses of SARS-CoV-2".
